== Description

Sundial is a REST based Web Service for scheduling recurring tasks.
It uses the {Quartz Scheduler}[http://quartz-scheduler.org/documentation/quartz-2.1.x/quick-start] API.

== Usage

  https:://localhost:7080/scheduler?options

  Method: POST

where options include jsons data that will be posted back to callback url

  <tt>
  options = { 'name' : 'mytaskname',
              'group' : 'mytaskgroup',
              'cron': '******',
              'client_url': '<callback work url>',
              'args': { 'worker': 'MyTask',
                        'id': 'task_id'
                      }
            }
  </tt>

== Options

Argument options for scheduler API include

[name] Name of the scheduled task _optional_. Defaults to 'DefaultJob'

[group] Group of the scheduled task _optional_.  Defaults to 'DefaultGroup'

[client_url] The URL the service will call at the scheduled time _required_.

[args] Arguments to be posted to the callback URL at the scheduled time _optional_. <b>Must be in {JSON notation}[http://www.json.org/]</b>

[timez_zone] The time zone for the cron expression

[cron] The cront tab notation used to set schedule (TODO: implemnent natural language parsing with chronic) _required_. Note: These cront tabs expressions are unique to quartz as they allow seconds.  See links below

  * * * * * * *
  | | | | | | |
  | | | | | | +-- Year              (empty, 1970-2199), (, - * /)
  | | | | | +---- Day of Week       (1-7 or SUN-SAT), (, - * /)
  | | | | +------ Month             (range: 1-12 OR JAN-DEC), (, - * /)
  | | | +-------- Day of the Month  (range: 1-31), (, - * ? / L W)
  | | +---------- Hour              (range: 0-23), (, - * /)
  | +------------ Minute            (range: 0-59), (, - * ? / L #)
  +-------------- Second            (range: 0-59), (, - * /)

  {cron fields for quartz}[http://www.quartz-scheduler.org/api/2.1.0/org/quartz/CronExpression.html]
  {cron examples}[http://www.quartz-scheduler.org/api/2.1.0/org/quartz/CronTrigger.html]




